packages/storybook/stories/Checkbox.mdx, before:

import { Canvas, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';
import * as CheckboxStories from './Checkbox.stories';

<Meta of={CheckboxStories} />

# Checkbox Component

The `Checkbox` component allows users to toggle a checked and unchecked state with optional icon customization for each state. 
It is highly flexible and can be used independently to capture boolean selections. Below is a breakdown of its props and various examples.

### Properties

#### Base:
- **checked** (`boolean`): Controls whether the checkbox is checked. Defaults to `false`.
- **onChange** (`() => void`): Callback function that triggers when the checkbox is toggled.
- **indeterminate** (`boolean`): Controls wheter it is in a partial state, mostly used when there is a list of items. Defaults to `false`.

#### Style Variants:
- **primary** (`boolean`): Applies primary styling to the checkbox.
- **neutral** (`boolean`): Applies neutral styling to the checkbox.
- **secondary** (`boolean`): Applies secondary styling to the checkbox.
- **disabled** (`boolean`): Disables the checkbox, preventing interaction. Defaults to `false`.

#### Size Variants:
- **sm** (`boolean`): Applies small size variant. Defaults to `true`.
- **md** (`boolean`): Applies medium size variant.
- **lg** (`boolean`): Applies large size variant.

#### With Custom Icons:
- **icon** (`React.ReactNode`): Icon displayed in the unchecked state. Requires `checkedIcon` to be passed if used.
- **checkedIcon** (`React.ReactNode`): Icon displayed in the checked state. Requires `icon` to be passed if used.
- **indeterminateIcon** (`React.ReactNode`): Icon displayed in the indeterminate state.

#### Custom Styles:
- **className** (`string`): Additional CSS classes for the button.
- **customStyles** (`Partial<CheckboxStyles>`): Allows passing custom styles for `root` and `checked` directly.

### Basic Example

<Canvas of={CheckboxStories.Default} />

### Example with Custom Icons

This example demonstrates passing custom icons for both checked and unchecked states. Here, the checkbox displays a circle when unchecked and a checkmark when checked.

<Canvas of={CheckboxStories.WithIcons} />

### Disabled State

An example where the checkbox is disabled, preventing user interaction.

<Canvas of={CheckboxStories.Disabled} />

### Indeterminate

The indeterminate prop sets the checkbox to an indeterminate state, which is typically used when a partial selection is made 
(for example, when some, but not all, items in a group are selected). 
This state is visually represented by a dash or a custom icon, indicating that the checkbox is neither fully checked nor unchecked.

The indeterminate state is often used in scenarios like selecting all items in a list where some items are selected, but not all.

<Canvas of={CheckboxStories.Indeterminate} />

<Canvas of={CheckboxStories.IndeterminateWithCustomIcons} />

### WithStyles Wrapper

When a component is exported from the `@stcland/components/withStyles` module and wrapped in the `StcStylesProvider` it allow 
users to access styled versions of the core components. These components enhance the base functionality with added styling without
the need to pass a `customStyles` property as the **With Custom Styles** example above.

<Canvas of={CheckboxStories.WithStyles} />

Commit message:

109-rdc: enhancements done in Checkbox component.

packages/storybook/stories/Checkbox.mdx, after:

import { Canvas, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';
import * as CheckboxStories from './Checkbox.stories';

<Meta of={CheckboxStories} />

# Checkbox Component

The `Checkbox` component allows users to toggle a checked and unchecked state with optional icon customization for each state. 
It is highly flexible and can be used independently to capture boolean selections. Below is a breakdown of its props and various examples.

### Properties

#### Base:
- **checked** (`boolean`): Controls whether the checkbox is checked. Defaults to `false`.
- **onChange** (`() => void`): Callback function that triggers when the checkbox is toggled.
- **label** (`string`): The text displayed alongside the checkbox.
- **indeterminate** (`boolean`): Controls wheter it is in a partial state, mostly used when there is a list of items. Defaults to `false`.

#### Style Variants:
- **primary** (`boolean`): Applies primary styling to the checkbox.
- **neutral** (`boolean`): Applies neutral styling to the checkbox.
- **secondary** (`boolean`): Applies secondary styling to the checkbox.
- **disabled** (`boolean`): Disables the checkbox, preventing interaction. Defaults to `false`.

#### Size Variants:
- **sm** (`boolean`): Applies small size variant. Defaults to `true`.
- **md** (`boolean`): Applies medium size variant.
- **lg** (`boolean`): Applies large size variant.

#### With Custom Icons:
- **icon** (`React.ReactNode`): Icon displayed in the unchecked state. Requires `checkedIcon` to be passed if used.
- **checkedIcon** (`React.ReactNode`): Icon displayed in the checked state. Requires `icon` to be passed if used.
- **indeterminateIcon** (`React.ReactNode`): Icon displayed in the indeterminate state.

#### Custom Styles:
- **className** (`string`): Additional CSS classes for the button.
- **customStyles** (`Partial<CheckboxStyles>`): Allows passing custom styles for `root` and `checked` directly.

### Basic Example

<Canvas of={CheckboxStories.Default} />

### Example with Custom Icons

This example demonstrates passing custom icons for both checked and unchecked states. Here, the checkbox displays a circle when unchecked and a checkmark when checked.

<Canvas of={CheckboxStories.WithIcons} />

### Disabled State

An example where the checkbox is disabled, preventing user interaction.

<Canvas of={CheckboxStories.Disabled} />

### Indeterminate

The indeterminate prop sets the checkbox to an indeterminate state, which is typically used when a partial selection is made 
(for example, when some, but not all, items in a group are selected). 
This state is visually represented by a dash or a custom icon, indicating that the checkbox is neither fully checked nor unchecked.

The indeterminate state is often used in scenarios like selecting all items in a list where some items are selected, but not all.

<Canvas of={CheckboxStories.Indeterminate} />

<Canvas of={CheckboxStories.IndeterminateWithCustomIcons} />

### WithStyles Wrapper

When a component is exported from the `@stcland/components/withStyles` module and wrapped in the `StcStylesProvider` it allow 
users to access styled versions of the core components. These components enhance the base functionality with added styling without
the need to pass a `customStyles` property as the **With Custom Styles** example above.

<Canvas of={CheckboxStories.WithStyles} />
