packages/storybook/stories/Dnd.mdx, before:

import { Canvas, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks'
import * as DndStories from './Dnd.stories'

<Meta of={DndStories} />

# Drag And Drop

A customizable drag-and-drop components that provides 
flexible and powerful building blocks for creating sortable lists, grids, and draggable or droppable elements, using under-the-hood
[DND-KIT](https://docs.dndkit.com/)

## Properties

### DragDropProvider
- **customStyles** (`Partial<DndStyles>`): An object that will managed `customStyles` for any of the childrens below, since this Component will be always the wrapper.
- **onDragEnd** (`(event: DragEndEvent) => void`): Callback triggered when a drag operation ends. Receives a DragEndEvent containing the source and destination IDs.
- **onDragStart** (`(event: DragStartEvent) => void`): Callback triggered when a drag operation starts.

### SortableList
- **items** (`string[]`):  An array of item identifiers as strings. Each ID should match the corresponding SortableItem's id.
- **children** (`React.ReactNode`): Typically, an array of SortableItem components. Can also include a wrapper div or similar elements.
- **strategy** (`StrategyName`): Either (`grid` | `vertical` | `horizontal`): 
Determines the sorting strategy. Maps to @dnd-kit/sortable strategies (`rectSortingStrategy`, `verticalListSortingStrategy`, `horizontalListSortingStrategy`). 
Defaults to `vertical`.

### SortableItem 
- **id** (`string`): Unique identifier for the item. Must match an ID in the parent SortableList's items array.
- **children** (`React.ReactNode`): Node that will be rendered as the `item`.
- **onRemove** (`(id: string) => void`): Node that will be rendered as the `item`.
- **bgColorClass** (`string`): Tailwind background-color class.
- **className** (`string`): Additional classes applied to the root.

### Droppable
- **id** (`string`):  Unique identifier for the droppable area. Used to track where items can be dropped.
- **children** (`React.ReactNode`):  The content of the droppable area, usually composed of Draggable items.
- **className** (`string`): Additional classes applied to the root.

### Draggable
- **id** (`string`):  Unique identifier for the draggable item.
- **children** (`React.ReactNode`): The content of the draggable item, typically the visual representation.
- **onRemove** (`(id: string) => void`): Node that will be rendered as the `item`.
- **bgColorClass** (`string`): Tailwind background-color class.
- **className** (`string`): Additional classes applied to the root.

---

## Examples

### Sortable List Example

This example shows a basic Sortable List using `verticalListSortingStrategy`

<Canvas of={DndStories.SortableListExample} />

### Sortable List Example With Remove Button

This example shows a Sortable Item with remove button

<Canvas of={DndStories.SortableWithRemoveButton} />

### Sortable Grid Example

This example shows a Sortable Grid using `rectSortingStrategy`

<Canvas of={DndStories.SortableGridExample} />

### Draggable and Droppable 

This example shows a basic grad-and-drop interaction.

<Canvas of={DndStories.DraggableDroppableExampleStory} />

### Draggable and Droppable with Remove Button

This example combines draggable and droppable functionality with a remove button.

<Canvas of={DndStories.DraggableDroppableWithRemove} />

### WithStyles Wrapper

When a component is exported from the `@stcland/components/withStyles` module and wrapped in the `StcStylesProvider` it allow 
users to access styled versions of the core components. These components enhance the base functionality with added styling without
the need to pass a `customStyles` property as the **With Custom Styles** example above.

<Canvas of={DndStories.SortableGridWithCustomStyles} />

Commit message:

114-dnd-optimization: added icon prop to dnd, fix tooltip outside click behavior.

packages/storybook/stories/Dnd.mdx, after:

import { Canvas, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks'
import * as DndStories from './Dnd.stories'

<Meta of={DndStories} />

# Drag And Drop

A customizable drag-and-drop components that provides 
flexible and powerful building blocks for creating sortable lists, grids, and draggable or droppable elements, using under-the-hood
[DND-KIT](https://docs.dndkit.com/)

## Properties

### DragDropProvider
- **customStyles** (`Partial<DndStyles>`): An object that will managed `customStyles` for any of the childrens below, since this Component will be always the wrapper.
- **onDragEnd** (`(event: DragEndEvent) => void`): Callback triggered when a drag operation ends. Receives a DragEndEvent containing the source and destination IDs.
- **onDragStart** (`(event: DragStartEvent) => void`): Callback triggered when a drag operation starts.

### SortableList
- **items** (`string[]`):  An array of item identifiers as strings. Each ID should match the corresponding SortableItem's id.
- **children** (`React.ReactNode`): Typically, an array of SortableItem components. Can also include a wrapper div or similar elements.
- **strategy** (`StrategyName`): Either (`grid` | `vertical` | `horizontal`): 
Determines the sorting strategy. Maps to @dnd-kit/sortable strategies (`rectSortingStrategy`, `verticalListSortingStrategy`, `horizontalListSortingStrategy`). 
Defaults to `vertical`.

### SortableItem 
- **id** (`string`): Unique identifier for the item. Must match an ID in the parent SortableList's items array.
- **children** (`React.ReactNode`): Node that will be rendered as the `item`.
- **onRemove** (`(id: string) => void`): Node that will be rendered as the `item`.
- **bgColorClass** (`string`): Tailwind background-color class.
- **className** (`string`): Additional classes applied to the root.

### Droppable
- **id** (`string`):  Unique identifier for the droppable area. Used to track where items can be dropped.
- **children** (`React.ReactNode`):  The content of the droppable area, usually composed of Draggable items.
- **className** (`string`): Additional classes applied to the root.

### Draggable
- **id** (`string`):  Unique identifier for the draggable item.
- **children** (`React.ReactNode`): The content of the draggable item, typically the visual representation.
- **onRemove** (`(id: string) => void`): Node that will be rendered as the `item`.
- **bgColorClass** (`string`): Tailwind background-color class.
- **className** (`string`): Additional classes applied to the root.

---

## Examples

### Sortable List Example

This example shows a basic Sortable List using `verticalListSortingStrategy`

<Canvas of={DndStories.SortableListExample} />

### Sortable List Example With Remove Button

This example shows a Sortable Item with remove button, icon that triggers a left side Tooltip.

<Canvas of={DndStories.SortableWithRemoveButton} />

### Sortable Grid Example

This example shows a Sortable Grid using `rectSortingStrategy`

<Canvas of={DndStories.SortableGridExample} />

### Draggable and Droppable 

This example shows a basic grad-and-drop interaction.

<Canvas of={DndStories.DraggableDroppableExampleStory} />

### Draggable and Droppable with Remove Button

This example combines draggable and droppable functionality with a remove button, and a helper icon that when hovered displays an tooltip.

<Canvas of={DndStories.DraggableDroppableWithRemove} />

### WithStyles Wrapper

When a component is exported from the `@stcland/components/withStyles` module and wrapped in the `StcStylesProvider` it allow 
users to access styled versions of the core components. These components enhance the base functionality with added styling without
the need to pass a `customStyles` property as the **With Custom Styles** example above.

<Canvas of={DndStories.SortableGridWithCustomStyles} />
