packages/storybook/stories/Tooltip.mdx, before:

import { Canvas, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks'
import * as TooltipStories from './Tooltip.stories'

<Meta of={TooltipStories} />

# Tooltip Component

The `Tooltip` component displays additional information when users hover over, focus on, click, or context-menu on a target element.  
It is highly customizable with options for positioning, appearance, and behavior.

---

### Properties

#### Tooltip:

- **children** (`React.ReactNode`): The target element that triggers the tooltip.
- **title** (`React.ReactNode | () => React.ReactNode`): The content displayed within the tooltip. Can be a node or a function returning a node.
- **align** (`Record<string, unknown>`): Custom alignment for the tooltip content.
- **arrow** (`boolean | { pointAtCenter: boolean }`): Controls the display of the tooltip's arrow. Defaults to `true`.
- **autoAdjustOverflow** (`boolean`): Determines whether the tooltip should adjust its position to avoid overflowing. Defaults to `true`.
- **colorClass** (`string`): Custom Tailwind classes for the tooltip.
- **defaultOpen** (`boolean`): Determines if the tooltip is visible by default. Defaults to `false`.
- **destroyTooltipOnHide** (`boolean`): Whether to remove the tooltip from the DOM when hidden. Defaults to `false`.
- **mouseEnterDelay** (`number`): Delay in seconds before showing the tooltip on hover. Defaults to `0.1`.
- **mouseLeaveDelay** (`number`): Delay in seconds before hiding the tooltip on mouse leave. Defaults to `0.1`.
- **overlayClassName** (`string`): Additional CSS class names for the tooltip's outer wrapper.
- **overlayStyle** (`React.CSSProperties`): Inline styles for the tooltip wrapper.
- **overlayInnerStyle** (`React.CSSProperties`): Inline styles for the inner content of the tooltip.
- **placement** (`'top' | 'topLeft' | 'topRight' | 'bottom' | 'bottomLeft' | 'bottomRight' | 'left' | 'leftTop' | 'leftBottom' | 'right' | 'rightTop' | 'rightBottom'`): Tooltip position relative to the target. Defaults to `'top'`.
- **trigger** (`'hover' | 'focus' | 'click' | 'contextMenu' | Trigger[]`): Event(s) that trigger the tooltip's visibility. Defaults to `'hover'`.
- **open** (`boolean`): Controls the tooltip's visibility in a controlled manner.
- **zIndex** (`number`): Sets the CSS `z-index` property for the tooltip.
- **onOpenChange** (`(open: boolean) => void`): Callback fired when the tooltip's visibility changes.

---

### Basic Example

This example demonstrates the default usage of the `Tooltip` component with a title and default position.

<Canvas of={TooltipStories.Default} />

---

### Custom Color Tooltip

An example showing how to set a custom background color for the tooltip.

<Canvas of={TooltipStories.CustomColor} />


---

### Placement Variants

The tooltip supports multiple placement options. This example demonstrates a tooltip for each placement.

<Canvas of={TooltipStories.CustomPlacement} />

---

### With Click Trigger

The tooltip demostrated how to control the tooltip using `trigger = 'click'`

<Canvas of={TooltipStories.ClickTrigger} />

---

Commit message:

112-tooltip: added basic tooltip to STCLandia.

packages/storybook/stories/Tooltip.mdx, after:

import { Canvas, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks'
import * as TooltipStories from './Tooltip.stories'

<Meta of={TooltipStories} />

# Tooltip Component

The `Tooltip` component displays additional information when users hover over, focus on, click, or context-menu on a target element.  
It is highly customizable with options for positioning, appearance, and behavior.

---

### Properties

#### Tooltip:

- **children** (`React.ReactNode`): The target element that triggers the tooltip.
- **title** (`React.ReactNode | () => React.ReactNode`): The content displayed within the tooltip. Can be a node or a function returning a node.
- **align** (`Record<string, unknown>`): Custom alignment for the tooltip content.
- **arrow** (`boolean | { pointAtCenter: boolean }`): Controls the display of the tooltip's arrow. Defaults to `true`.
- **autoAdjustOverflow** (`boolean`): Determines whether the tooltip should adjust its position to avoid overflowing. Defaults to `true`.
- **colorClass** (`string`): Custom Tailwind classes for the tooltip.
- **defaultOpen** (`boolean`): Determines if the tooltip is visible by default. Defaults to `false`.
- **destroyTooltipOnHide** (`boolean`): Whether to remove the tooltip from the DOM when hidden. Defaults to `false`.
- **mouseEnterDelay** (`number`): Delay in seconds before showing the tooltip on hover. Defaults to `0.1`.
- **mouseLeaveDelay** (`number`): Delay in seconds before hiding the tooltip on mouse leave. Defaults to `0.1`.
- **overlayClassName** (`string`): Additional CSS class names for the tooltip's outer wrapper.
- **overlayStyle** (`React.CSSProperties`): Inline styles for the tooltip wrapper.
- **overlayInnerStyle** (`React.CSSProperties`): Inline styles for the inner content of the tooltip.
- **placement** (`'top' | 'bottom' | 'left' | 'right'`): Tooltip position relative to the target. Defaults to `'top'`.
- **trigger** (`'hover' | 'focus' | 'click' | 'contextMenu' | Trigger[]`): Event(s) that trigger the tooltip's visibility. Defaults to `'hover'`.
- **open** (`boolean`): Controls the tooltip's visibility in a controlled manner.
- **zIndex** (`number`): Sets the CSS `z-index` property for the tooltip.
- **onOpenChange** (`(open: boolean) => void`): Callback fired when the tooltip's visibility changes.

---

### Basic Example

This example demonstrates the default usage of the `Tooltip` component with a title and default position.

<Canvas of={TooltipStories.Default} />

---

### Custom Color Tooltip

An example showing how to set a custom background color for the tooltip.

<Canvas of={TooltipStories.CustomColor} />


---

### Placement Variants

The tooltip supports multiple placement options. This example demonstrates a tooltip for each placement.

<Canvas of={TooltipStories.CustomPlacement} />

---

### With Click Trigger

The tooltip demostrated how to control the tooltip using `trigger = 'click'`

<Canvas of={TooltipStories.ClickTrigger} />

---

### With Styles Wrapper

When a component is exported from the `@stcland/components/withStyles` module and wrapped in the `StcStylesProvider` it allow 
users to access styled versions of the core components. These components enhance the base functionality with added styling without
the need to pass a `customStyles` property.


<Canvas of={TooltipStories.WithStyles} />

---
